---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction to Armory

In this short tutorial, we'll create a simple web-application for starting workout plan, using Armory. Even if you never made an web-app before, after this tutorial you'll be able to do it for various usecases with no trouble. 

There are many situations when good user experience really makes a difference. It doesn't matter if people join a new event, sign up for an interesting workshop, join a new company or start their workout plan,
all of these usecases can be handled easily using web-apps. While you don't want frustrating users who are confused by your app, user experience is something to pay attention to.  
You want your users to feel good about themselves, and to feel that your app is helping them to "do smart, not hard". With armory you can do all of this, 
and we'll show you an efficient way to make great screens and provide nice user experience easily.

The best way to learn it through an example, so let's learn while building Felix. An AI agent made for finding perfect workout plan for users.
Things you'll learn:
* What is Armory
* How to build good looking templates quickly 
* How to chain screens easily 
* How to add different components such as images, cloud select, back buttons etc.
* How to adapt screen design using css
* How to improve user experience with agent guidence
After finishing this course, you should be able to create your own Armory web-apps and create different screen templates autonomously.

## What exactly is Armory?
Armory is a Mindsmiths' frontend service used for building web-applications.
Armory allows you to create an app-like experience for your users quickly and easily, with the sequences of screens providing the feeling of guidance through the process you are modeling. 
One of its biggest perks is that it allows you to build many screens and add various components very fast and easy, while writing minimum code.

## Prerequisites
You just need an environment where you have forge set up, everything else will be covered with this tutorial.
Also, you can use Nola Brzina project and upgrade it with new rules, or if you prefer a fresh start, you can easily add new files to your project. 

## Onboarding
OK, now you know what's cooking, and you can start coding!